don went to the grocery store and it was a fancy grocery store. the store was in the suburbs in one of those suburban places that was a satellite city. there were many different things things inside of the grocery store. he walked through the automatic doors which swished open as he got near. he walked towards the woman who had a little juice sample. the juice sample was squeezed orange juice. it had a very fresh taste that wasn't that great because it was not sweet like the normal orange juice. when you squeeze orange juice there is not sugar added. however, the pasteurization process makes some of the taste go away. that is because it kills some of the bacteria in the juice. therefore there was not a complex taste because all of the nutrients were zapped out of it in the zapping machine. the factory was located on the outskirts of the city in the tri-state area. the factory had some problems with quality control before. there were many investigations on that factory to try to determine if the food was safe. it was. the next shelf at the grocery store contained some cantaloupes. they were the kind that was green and had a yellow net over it. it was that kind of cantaloupe. don put the cantaloupe to his ear even though he wasnt supposed to do that. the rind of the cantaloupe has a net. this is called a reticulated net. this word reticulated comes from the latin reticulum for a net. in the other aisles there were some shelves with a lot of creams and ointment and toothpaste. the shelves were lit up with a bright light from underneath and so they made the products look very shiny. don thought that the products looked very nice so he picked up one of the black shampoo bottles. the black shampoo bottles said that there was no animal testing involved in the making of the shampoo. it was supposed to be cruelty free. the led lights in all of the aisles on all of the shelves made everything look very clean and prestigious because dimly lit grocery stores are not prestigious. led lights are very fuel efficient. they stand for light emitting diode. the way they work is very complicated. there's some sort of electron movement in a semiconductor and some sort of thing with the band gap, which is the a small space in between two energy levels or something where the electrons can move between the gap through the semiconductor and thus create some energy. he walked to the prepared food section. the prepared food section was very stylish. if you notice when you go to the mall each store has its own brand. the decorations fit with the theme of the store so that you know you are buying a lifestyle instead of a product. whereas if you go to some sort of flea market, or used clothing store or thrift store, you can see that the clothes are presented in a way which emphasizes the value of the clothing instead of the lifestyle of the clothing. like if you go to some place which is a lot of poor people you can tell that the clothing there is presented in a cheap way and therefore it was for cheap people. don was not a poor person. don went to a restaurant. don stepped outside. it felt good to be alone. he was outside of the fancy restaurant. it was very fancy because it had a thing that was called a tasting menu. the waiter would tell you about the very exquisite and fine tastes of fruit and nuts inside of the wine pairings. there were many different dishes there, and they were all very small and very delicate. the tastes were very strange. they were small portions because it was a fancy restaurant and rich people don't eat because they need to, they eat because eating at the fancy restuarants is very upper class. there were a lot of people inside of the restuarant like some chinese people who were probably in the communist party or something. and there were some white people who looked very rich and upper class. 